So everyone let's code the BFS approach using dynamic programming in the same problem so that you
can get a variety of things and choose the best among them.
try everything and choose the best one.
So yeah.
So how will I do the BFS?
Just the same way I have performed
I have filled these values here right, that is firstly I will fill the values for
The leaf nodes.
I'll push the leaf nodes into my BFS and I'll not start the BFS from the root node
Because if I start the BFS from the root node, BFS will go downwards.
But it will never come up like that.
The DFS.
So.
Instead of performing BFS from one, I will perform the BFS from the leaf nodes right.
So firstly I'll fill the leaf nodes, then I'll fill its adjacent then again fill its adjacent and so on.
Right and.
Yeah.
So let's do the BFS thing here.
so
a BFS is performed using a queue.
Let's take a queue and let's just pass
some, will pass leaf nodes in it before they are
Let's take.
an array called dp [N] [2]
And also we will be needing one more array.
If you don't want to use that array, you can use the current array also.
let me just take a visited array, which will tell me whether I  have visited a node or not, because
we have to move upwards.
If I have already calculated values of some variable, then I will not calculate it again.
So I've taken a queue and what I'll do is nothing.
But let's just iterate it from, it's the first time I am coding it.
Let's just iterate from 1 and go till n.
And do what?
We know that the degree of the Leaf node, like how will we realize that it's a leaf node?
By simply saying that its degree should be equal to one.
Only leaf nodes will have the degree equal to one.
So if degree, what is the degree, simple if graph gr[i]
adjacency list .size , that means there's only one node in it, if it is equal to one.
That means it is a leaf node so if it is a leaf node, I'll simply push it into the queue.
I'll simply push it into the queue.
Right now nothing.
Just perform a normal DFS by !Q.empty().
So, until this Q is not empty.
What I'll do is, pick the current node and the current node is Q.
I think it's front()
And Q.pop()
I'll simply remove it and what I'll do is just fill the DP.
Values.
so  dp[cur] [0] is zero.
dp [cur] [1] is
One.
Right.
And after doing this, what I'll do is I'll just iterate over all it's children so gr[cur]
right
So now here, here we have two things.
So the first thing is the thing that I use if X is not equal to parent something like this.
And.
You all know, we are performing BFS upwards.
So how will we realize that...
if current node is a parent or if current node is a child. So we know that in BFS ,what will happen
We are moving upwards and let's I'm marking the nodes as visited.
So for any current node, if I want to know whether it's child node is visited or not, it will be simple,
right?
Because what I will simply say I will simply say I'll make current node "is visited" whenever I'm visiting
that note.
So I know it will be a slightly tricky so this will not be too right.
So I would simply say that visited current = 1 ,that I'm visiting it. now I'm going in the
adjacency list of every note and I'm, you know, we are performing BFS upwards. So how will I know
that
The next one.
The value that I want to use are the child node.
I simply say if they are visited, if they are visited, they are.
child nodes, because that's how I'm performing the BFS.
And if they're not visited, then it means that it's a parent node.
So if it is a parent node, I'll simply push it into the queue.
I simply say x is a parent node, just push it into the queue.
So that the BFS goes on and if it is a child node
What I can say is.
I can simply say.
Yeah.
So if it's a child node, I firstly I don't have to push it into the queue.
The second thing is I would simply say dp[cur] [0]
I just make the whole.
a recursive relation.
So what was the dp[cur] [0]
I am not taking it
I have to take dp[x][1] and let me simply add it.
For all the nodes.
Otherwise, if I am.
Including the current node.
That means I will not
I may and may not include the child nodes.
which is dp[x] [0] ,
dp[x][1]
right.
So the only thing here to realize is that I can only use x if x is filled dp[x] is filled and dp[x] will
only be filled if it is visited because if it is visited , I'll fill its DP and also calculate
this thing.
right.
So this was normal.
BFS solution.
I think this is the pretty easiest way of a solution you will ever see.
But of course, BFS might be tricky.
So from next problem onwards, I'll be using a DFS approach only in DP on trees, not recursion
plus memorization or BFS.
I'll just use a DFS ,normal DFS and fill the values.
And finally, what is the final value
It is nothing but dp[cur]
Okay.
So
Yeah
So again, we are over here right .Now,
How will we know whether a note is a root node or a child node?
So.
Again, we have a slight confusion here.
The confusion is simple.
So, for example, for example, let me give you the confusion, which is let's say this is the tree,
one, two, three and four.
So we know we pushed that by saying that this is a leaf node, this is a leaf node.
right.
And we have said that both of these are the leaf nodes and we have pushed them into the Queue.
That means I moved upwards.
I moved upwards.
Now, how do I know which is the root node
The root node is the node which is visited last in the BFS.
Correct because I'm starting from the leaf node, I'm going upwards
I do not know which is the correct leaf node, but we can say that the root node will be the one,
The node which is visited.
Visited in the end in the BFS
can be the root node
Root node format tree
So how will I know which is visited in the end?
Simple.
I'll just take the another variable and let me call it
Root and what I'll say is
I will simply whenever I am visiting a node, I simply say that , root = cur.
So the last current will be stored in the root and I will simply cout.
The min(dp[root]).
Root.
,zero and dp[root].
,
one
Right and.
Okay, let me.